feat(mrc): add use format date hook (#16788)
ovh/manager: packages/manager-react-components/src/hooks/date/useFormatDate.mdx

## Usage

<Source
code={`const formatDate = useFormatDate();
formatDate({ date: '2024-09-14T09:21:21.943Z' });
// → "14 Sept 2024" (default format)
`}
language="ts"
/>

## Parameters

<ArgTypes include={['defaultUnknownLabel']} />

## Parameters of formatDate

<ArgTypes include={['date', 'format', 'unknownDateLabel']} />

## Output examples

<Source
code={`
const formatDate = useFormatDate();

// Default format (PP)
formatDate({ date: '2024-09-14T09:21:21.943Z' });
// → "14 Sept 2024"

// Custom format with day of the week
formatDate({ date: '2024-09-14T09:21:21.943Z', format: 'PPPP' });
// → "Saturday, 14 September 2024"

// Combined date and time
formatDate({ date: '2024-09-14T09:21:21.943Z', format: 'Pp' });
// → "14/09/2024, 10:21"

// Full date and time with detailed timezone
formatDate({ date: '2024-09-14T09:21:21.943Z', format: 'PPPPpppp' });
// → "Saturday, 14 September 2024 at 10:21:21 GMT+02:00"
`}
language="ts"
/>

## Handling invalid or missing dates

<Source
code={`formatDate({ date: undefined });
// → "N/A"
formatDate({ date: null });
// → "N/A"
formatDate({ date: '', unknownDateLabel: 'Unknown' });
// → "Unknown"`}
language="ts"
/>

## Localization

> The locale is automatically determined from the current i18n.language. Only 8 OVH locale is supported : enGB, fr, frCA, de, es, it, pl, pt. If the locale is unsupported or undefined, it defaults to enGB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The locale is automatically determined from the current i18n.language. Only 8 OVH locale are supported : en_GB, fr_FR, fr_CA, de_DE, es_ES, it_IT, pl_PL, pt_PT. If the locale is unsupported or undefined, it defaults to enGB.
```

> If you need use locales for another function of date fns you can use useDateFnsLocale

Reviewer: **nitpick:** `useFormatDate` is not the right place to expose a hook for fetching the DateFns locale.
